=head1 NAME

PepXML::Parser - The great new PepXML::Parser!

=head1 VERSION

Version 0.01

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Quick summary of what the module does.

Perhaps a little code snippet.

    use PepXML::Parser;

    my $foo = PepXML::Parser->new();
    ...

=head1 EXPORT

A list of functions that can be exported.  You can delete this section
if you don't export anything, such as for a purely object-oriented module.

=head1 SUBROUTINES/METHODS

=head2 function1

=head2 function2

=head1 AUTHOR

Felipe da Veiga Leprevost, C<< <leprevost at cpan.org> >>

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests to C<bug-pepxml-parser at rt.cpan.org>, or through
the web interface at L<http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=PepXML-Parser>.  I will be notified, and then you'll
automatically be notified of progress on your bug as I make changes.




=head1 SUPPORT

You can find documentation for this module with the perldoc command.

    perldoc PepXML::Parser


You can also look for information at:

=over 4

=item * RT: CPAN's request tracker (report bugs here)

L<http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=PepXML-Parser>

=item * AnnoCPAN: Annotated CPAN documentation

L<http://annocpan.org/dist/PepXML-Parser>

=item * CPAN Ratings

L<http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/PepXML-Parser>

=item * Search CPAN

L<http://search.cpan.org/dist/PepXML-Parser/>

=back


=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS


=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2015 Felipe da Veiga Leprevost.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of either: the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; or the Artistic License.

See L<http://dev.perl.org/licenses/> for more information.


